Let's get started working on our first listener.
It's going to be the ticket created listener.
So instead of my order service, I'll find the events directory inside there.
I'll make a new folder of listeners.
And then inside of listeners, I'll make a new file of ticket created.
Listener.
Yes.
Well, then start to put some implementation together right away.
We're going to end up with a couple of different import statements at the very top.
So let's add in a couple of different imports.
First, we will get the message type.
From Nanette Streaming.
I'm going to get my subjects, you know?
By listener base class.
And the ticket created event.
All those from my common module.
I'm also going to get my ticket model.
So from my model's directory right here, I'll get ticket.
From up to directories.
Models.
Ticket.
And I think that's probably all we need for right now.
So let's start to put the actual implementation for this thing together.
So first off, we're going to export a class of ticket created listener and very similar to what we're
doing with our different publishers.
We are going to be extending an abstract class, in this case listener.
And remember, this is a generic, which means we have to provide a type.
And the type we're going to stick in here is the type of event that we're going to listen for, which
is ticket created event.
So I will plug in ticket related event like so.
Well then see our class name light up and TypeScript is telling us that there are three different properties
we have to implement inside of here, all because we are extending that abstract class.
So we have to implement on message your group name and subject.
We'll first start off with subject.
So we'll write in the subject right here and we're going to use the exact same system that we use back
on our publishers.
We're going to define or declare the subject property and we're going to give it the very specific type
that this thing is going to be.
So we'll say subjects ticket created.
And then we're going to actually assign it a value.
Those subjects dot ticket created and remember this kind of two step process right here is to make sure
that TypeScript enforces us, to never be able to change that subject property at any point in time.
Now.
Next up, we're going to define our Q group name.
So Q group name in this case is going to be our orders service.
And like I said, I'll give you a reminder on what that group name is in just a moment.
And then finally we'll define our on message function.
So this is going to receive two arguments.
First is going to be the data from inside of our event, and the second is going to be the message from
the node net streaming library.
So put in here data and that's going to be up type ticket related event at data.
And the second argument will be message and that will be of type message.
All right.
So I apologize for kind of speeding through this and saying, oh, yeah, we'll come back to this and
we'll come back to this and this message thing and so on.
But I really just want to throw this code together because this is going to be very similar to what
all of our different listeners look like.
All of our different listeners are going to extend the listener base class, have the event type plugged
into it, and then define a subject, a group name, and then on message.
Now that we've established this kind of as the blueprint that we're going to be copy pasting over and
over and over again.
Another quick pause right here.
When we come back to the next video, we're going to get a reminder on what that group name is, why
we have this weird annotation for data right here, and a reminder on what this message thing is as
well.